Hello, 

Thank you for submitting an update to the app, jerur, for review. We noticed some issues that require your attention. Please see below for additional information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 0e6a714e-23dd-413c-a68e-1b797d277aa7
Review date: August 25, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0.16 (1)

Guideline 5.1.1(ii) - Legal - Privacy - Data Collection and Storage
Issue Description

One or more purpose strings, also called usage description strings, in the app do not sufficiently explain the use of protected resources. Purpose strings must clearly and completely describe the app's use of data and, in most cases, provide an example of how the data will be used.

Next Steps

Update the location purpose string to explain how the app will use the requested information and provide a specific example of how the data will be used. See the attached screenshot.

Resources

Purpose strings must clearly describe how an app uses the ability, data, or resource. The following are hypothetical examples of unclear purpose strings that would not pass review: 

- "App would like to access your Contacts"
- "App needs microphone access"

See examples of helpful, informative purpose strings.
Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: The "Give Online" and "Use a giving envelope" arrow buttons were unresponsive. Additionally, an error message was displayed when we entered any email for registration. 

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.6
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. 

Resources

- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We were unable to sign in when a PIN number was required upon login.

To avoid delays, it is essential to provide access to the app's full features and functionality with every submission.

Next Steps

Provide the username and password for a valid demo account in App Store Connect that provides full access to the app's features and functionality or include a demonstration mode that shows all of the features and functionality available in the app. Note that we cannot use a demo video showing the app in use to continue the review.

Resources

Learn how to share information when submitting an app for review.
Guideline 2.3.3 - Performance - Accurate Metadata
Issue Description

The 6.7-inch iPhone screenshots do not show the current version of the app in use. Screenshots should highlight the app's core concept to help users understand the app’s functionality and value. 

Next Steps

Upload new screenshots that resolve the issues identified above and accurately reflect the app in use on each of the supported devices.

Note some screenshots may only be viewed and updated by selecting "View All Sizes in Media Manager" in the Previews and Screenshots section of App Store Connect.

Resources

Follow these general requirements when adding or updating screenshots:

- Marketing or promotional materials that do not reflect the UI of the app are not appropriate for screenshots.
- The majority of the screenshots should highlight the app's main features and functionality. Note that splash and login screens are generally not considered to show the app in use.

Learn more about creating great screenshots for your product page on the App Store or how to upload screenshots in App Store Connect.
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Test on the latest betas